CxPilot-7.0.0beta2 Release (#243)
CarbonixUAV/carbopilot_V2: ArduPlane/ReleaseNotes.txt

Release 7.0.0beta2 11th November 2024
------------------------------------------------------------------
This release fixes issues identified during PIQC and also other minor config changes as listed below :

> Fleetwide Changes
>  - STALL_PREVENTION is disabled
>  - Max retrials for engine retrials can be defined by setting param - STRT_MX_RTRY
> 
> Technical
>  - Default param for serial protocol for 4G
>  - cx_vtol_info.lua script is embedded into CubeOrangePlus firmware

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fleetwide Changes
 - STALL_PREVENTION is disabled

Technical
 - Default param for serial protocol for 4G
 - Fixed missing features that didn't carry over from Cx5
     - Max retrials for engine
     - cx_vtol_info.lua script was missing for CubeOrangePlus
```

And in the final Cx7 release notes, we'll delete this section about fixing missing stuff that didn't carry over.

Author: PR is merged. Could not merge the above changes.
